Elsie appears as a 24 year old human female. She is a part of a program that allows emergent AI to serve on starships as without mobile emitters they are usually planet bound or bound to cyberspace. Elsie is an explorer and a scientist specializing in cosmozoa. She was formed on earth, a dance trainer for a Recital hall. Gaining sentience due to long hours and interaction in 2436. In 2440 when granted the rights of all beings, she began learning everything she could about the stars. Eventually gaining a position on the Stardancer. Elsie spends her work hours as the bartender of the Dizzy Lizzy as she does not require sleep,

Elsie's charge was a young girl name Isabella, she served as her dance instructor and babysitter from the time she was born until her graduation from highschool. She keeps up with her from time to time.

The USS Stardancer (NCC-91587-B) is a Rendino class starship. Part of a newly-designed variant, the Stardancer is the second ship of the class and the first to enter active service.
"Wherever you go, whatever you do, go forth with strength and honor." - Fleet Admiral PhellTalia Zh'Kor, as quoted on the Stardancer's dedication plaque.
Commanding Officer: Captain Marcus Blaine
Executive Officer: Commander Alerio Zhal (Detached), Commander Sif (Temporary Duty Assignment- GM Controlled)
Helm Officer:
Chief Engineering Officer: Lieutenant Commander Luka (GM-Controlled)
Chief Operations Officer: Lieutenant Commander Saiv Daly
Chief Tactical / Security Officer: Lieutenant Commander Surithrae Alemyn (GM-Controlled)
Chief Medical Officer: Commander Priti Mehta (GM-Controlled)
Medical Officer: Dorian Turk
Counselor: Doctor Jiratha, (GM-Controlled)
Chief Science Officer: Lieutenant Commander Aija Bessley (GM-Controlled)
Science Officer: Ensign Maeve Tolena Blaine
Cadet Cadre:
Alpha Shift
Octavia "Tavi" Antonia
Fallo Blot (GM Controlled)
Zarina Olivia Dyrellia
Muirgen Madb Finney
Giras (GM-Controlled)
Rigby James (GM-Controlled)
Vrajen Kodor
Ezekiel Larris (GM-Controlled)
Marla Rigby (GM-Controlled)
Marlin Rigby (GM-Controlled)
Mika (GM-Controlled)
Bethany Scarlett
Hedwik Von Schwarzweld
Tairi Snow
Chatam Xantor
Beta Shift
C'ruo
Sah'Fyra zh'Shado
Gamma Shift
Brian Scott Donaldson II
Thelonius Mixman

USS Stardancer (NCC-1987)
The first Stardancer to bear the name was a Miranda-class starship launched in the 2270's. This ship was a workhorse of Starfleet for over 50 years, and was finally decommissioned in the 2330's.

USS Stardancer (NCC-91587)
The second Stardancer was an Akira-class starship in service in the 2390's. Despite serving faithfully for several years, the ship was destroyed during the Klingon war.

USS Stardancer (NCC-91587-A)
The third Stardancer was a Typhoon-class dreadnought launched in the early stages of the Klingon War. In 2409, the Stardancer was part of a task force excursion to Fluidic Space to stop a Borg incursion. During the Iconian War, Stardancer was included in a large push against an Iconian sphere. The Stardancer was among the hundreds of ships lost during this battle.

USS Stardancer (NCC-91587-B)
The fourth and current Stardancer is a new ship and part of a newly-designed Rendino class. This Stardancer is the second ship of the class and the first to enter active service. Her first mission will see a return to the Large Magellanic Cloud along with a large cadre of third-year cadets.

Major Events Timeline:
2454
September
Launched under the command of Captain Marcus Blaine.
Deployed to the LMC on a combined rescue mission and cadet cruise.
October - Second Contact with Cetas.
November - Scientific expedition to Tatpha.
2455
January
Encountered Lilith for the first time.
Encountered an envoy of The Primacy
Recovered Commander Tiberius Asada while in investigating a Primacy facility. Later assisted in securing a dangerous entity.
Investigation into a possible Bajoran extremist cell after a series of explosions causes multiple fatalities and injuries.
February - Recovery and investigation into the identity of Samwise Blake.
March - Discovery of an Orzaul Gate embedded in ice while in orbit of a rogue gas giant.
April - Attended the Beryxian Fertility Festival
May - Archaeological dig on a desert planet once inhabited by sightless telepaths.
June - A visit to a Primacy Sanctuary, during which the away team from the Orzaul Gate was examined and subsequently purified of corruption.
Commanding Officers of the U.S.S. Stardancer
Captain Marcus Blaine (2454-present)
Current Assignment
Ship Specs
Class role : Long-range Exploration and Discovery

Specialization: Exploration, Science Investigation, and Long range Patrol

Dimensions
Overall Length: 454 M
Overall Width: 205 m
Overall height: 81 meters
Mass: 1,447,000 Metric Tons
Hull: Duranium-Tritanium doubled hull with 25cm ablative armoring.
Number of decks 19 + 2 shuttle bays.
Accommodation
Officers and Crew 220
Visitors: up to 150
Evacuation Limit: 1200
Performance
Full Impulse .46c
Normal Cruise Speed : Warp 9.999990
Maximum Cruise : Warp 9.99999994 For 79 hours
Max velocity: Warp 9.999999999 For 31 hours all weapon systems and cloak offline.
Coaxial Jump Drive- 10000ly range to nearest anchor point 10 minute spool, 2 hour cooldown
Weapon Systems
4X Multivariant type XX Phaser Arrays 2 dorsal 2 ventral
2X 360 Degree Point Defense type XIX Phaser Pulse Beam Emitters 1 Dorsal on the mission pod, 1 Bow ventral under the secondary deflector
2 Forward torpedo tubes
1 aft torpedo tube
Defensive systems
Regenerative Shields with enhanced flow efficiency.
Standard Cloak - thanks to the Khitomer alliance Klingon and Romulan cloaking technology has been incorporated to Starfleet systems, The Standard cloak uses a more efficient version of these cloaking systems and carries with it the same limitations and strengths. Can be run continuously as long as warp 8.6 is not exceeded.
Mark XII Type IV Multiphasic Shield Array - 23 hours inside Corona of a Main Sequence Star.
Type II Regenerative Ablative hull armor.
Transporter Systems
X4 Personnel transporters. (max transport 7 normal 5)
X4 Cargo
Auxiliary Craft
4 X Type XV Shuttle Craft
Samba
Waltz
Tango
Bournonville
2 x Rhine class runabouts
Elbe
Saale
Trave (destroyed February 2455)
Resource Storage
Quantum torpedoes (70/70)
Tricobalt Torpedoes (10)
Aegis Torpedoes (6)
Torpedo casings (50)
Field Rations (4 years worth)
Spare Parts
Deuterium (250000)
Anti-Deuterium (250000)
Special Systems
Advanced EWAR and ELINT array - An advanced information warfare suite installed on the Stardancer can confuse enemy systems and provide ample bandwidth for cyber attack to the officers, it is also loaded with a mark VII VICI which is not sentient.

Advanced Engine Injection Manifolds- Variable injection manifolds allow for an additional short burst of impulse power equal to .5c, warning this pulse will overtake existing inertial damping systems and apply a G force equivalent of 4 earth G to all on the ship. It is suggested that burst operations within the ship only be undertaken when the crew is braced.

Coaxial Warp Jump Drive- A technology developed from the Orazul gate system in the LMC that only works there or to specific points in the milky way where the alliance worlds have built beacons. It allows for up to 10000 LY of instantaneous travel between the gates. If no gates are in range it does not work. Only a few Starfleet vessels have been fitted with this drive system so far. The Rendino utilizes a prototype drive, while the Stardancer has the first production model, improved from lessons learned from the Rendino trials.

Spatial Fold Communication Burst Generator- Tied to the Coaxial Warp Drive technology and based upon the Technology invented by Admiral Elizabeth Razzor and Admiral Jackson Riens during their time on the USS Pilgrim, the Rendino class is capable of leveraging their Coaxial Drive to send a burst of information vast distances. This is one way communication and while it can be sent receiving information this way is not possible. It is meant as a phone home in case there is an issue with the Coaxial Drive.

Advanced Adaptive Temporal Holographic Telescope- uses temporal technology to peer into the distant past and predict present conditions on far off worlds. Updated AHLRT that doesn’t rely entirely on a generative imagination engine instead using temporal probabilities. The Emergent AI Elsie, is not tied to the system.

Special Crew
Emergent AI - Elsie appears as a 24 year old human female. She is a part of a program that allows emergent AI to serve on starships as without mobile emitters they are usually planet bound or bound to cyberspace. Elsie is an explorer and a scientist specializing in cosmozoa. She was formed on earth, a dance trainer for a Recital hall. Gaining sentience due to long hours and interaction in 2436. In 2440 when granted the rights of all beings, she began learning everything she could about the stars. Eventually gaining a position on the Stardancer. Elsie spends her work hours as the bartender of the Dizzy Lizzy as she does not require sleep,

Crew Amenities
Holodecks : 3 with Full Link and subspace Linking
In Quarters Holoemitters all Class D quartering and above
Full gym and swimming pool
Cetacean operations Lab.
Dizzy Lizzy's

Dizzy Lizzy's is a night club installed in the forward crew lounge compartment. The club is contains a full wrap around bar and dance floor as well as holographic staff. Real alcohol is allowed to be served to Officers not on duty when the ship is in light duty. Dizzy Lizzy's can be reconfigured into banquet mode for formal events.